Thank you.
the sun of Buendamar.
With green horizon, green we cry, With
silences of unrelenting green With a green
horizon, crying green With silences of
unrelenting green
The sun is shining sadly Without seeing
that the father has raised his cry
is
¶¶ Thank you.
We'll see you next time.
¶¶
saying is believing but
Thank you.
¶¶
Tomorrow is for the two of us We have to
think about tomorrow and the destination
Thank you.
I'm going to make a sauce. Add 1
tablespoon of sugar. Add 1 tablespoon of
sake. Add 1 tablespoon of sake. Add 1
tablespoon of
soy sauce.
Thank you.
. .
¶¶
¶¶ piano pieces I ever played. The name of
the composers are Natalie Cole and Linda
Williams. The name of the song is La
Costa.
Thank you.
I'm going to make a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a
Thank you.
I